<H1>Solid activities</H1>

This repository is part of the Solid activities that PLDN is involved in. Be aware that PLDN has no ownership in the Netherlands for initiating Solid activities. Anybody can initiate Solid activities in the Nerherlands and within the worldwide Solid community. For more information see the [Solid project](https://solidproject.org/) website.

The data storage in Solid data pods is based upon linked data. In a data pod you can store any kind of data and the meta and provenance data of this data is defined as linked data in Turtle files (e.g. who adds what, when, etc.). So, a data pod is nothing more than a data container and a data storage place for your personal data. The big advantage of this solution is that you can manage your personal data in your pod yourself and share it securely with others via the use of Solid apps. You are in control of your personal data. And Your data stays in your pod (and is stored only oncle without unnecessarry copies) and other data can be linked to your data in a uniform way via Solid apps.

The role of PLDN in Solid activities is, given the fact Solid is based upon linked data, that we want to stimulate further adoption of Solid pods usage, the development of new Solid apps and the availability of more local pod providers in such a way that the local and worldwide Solid ecosystem can grow to full maturity and to sustainable and scalable solutions in the foreseeable future. Solid has huge potential, but it needs the support from everybody that believe in this improved version of the Wolrd Wide Web.  
